## Overview
Because of the amount of repos I had to set up for my last course, and having to go through merging them all together, I've decided to put all of the rails apps I'll be building into a single repository rather than making 5 or 6 different ones. It should be fine as long as my .gitignore encompasses all of the rails apps, and I initialize just for deployment in their respective folders.

This course is going to be using Heroku and AWS for storage, as well as Stripe for payments. I feel like I already can do all of these things, but it doesn't hurt to learn more about Ruby (while building things like user authentication from scratch) and Rails as a whole.

## Alpha Blog
I'm setting up the Alpha Blog with Bootstrap 4 and doing a couple other things that I'll be listing here. I'm confident I can do this by myself, but it's good to see if there are other best practices I can learn from this course.

Review: I've learned a lot about the course, though it's a little outdated than the [Upskill](http://upskillcourses.com/) course that I've [taken](https://github.com/MylesWritesCode/upskill_saas_tutorial). It's okay though, since I was able to explore all of the new features in Bootstrap 4, along with jQuery (endless pagination was...fun), different gems, and user authentication without Devise (which is what Upskill uses). I also got to deal extensively with js.erb files (because I needed them for the endless pagination), but for some reason it's still not working in Heroku even though it works great locally. I'm sure it's some arbitrary error on my part, but I feel that I've learned enough from building this blog, so I'm going to move on to the next project. I may update the pagination links at the bottom, or completely revamp the endless scrolling to JS ES6 (the solution looks neato), but for meow, onto the next project. 
